app/vmalert: fixed rule group ID in UI (#8803)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmselect](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/) in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): fix [metric query stats API](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#track-ingested-metrics-usage) to correctly handle metric names longer than 256 bytes, respecting the `-maxLabelValueLen` flag. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8759) for details.
* BUGFIX: [vmbackup](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackup/), [vmrestore](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmrestore/), [vmbackupmanager](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager/): enable support of HTTP/2 for connections to S3-compatible storage endpoints. It was disabled in [v1.115.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/tag/v1.115.0) and could lead to connection errors with some S3-compatible storage providers.
* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): correctly update the `debug` param for recording rule when updating the rule group.

> * BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): fix alert group ids in UI. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8773).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): properly set the rule group id in `/rules` and `/alerts` APIs. Previously, the group id was not set, preventing rules from being toggled by group in the vmalert UI. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8773).
```
